## https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/fortnite/verse-api/unrealenginedotcom/controlinput/input_events/input_events(t)

# input_events(t) class
Learn technical details about the input_events(t) class.
Input_events is a container for user input events which can be subscribed to.
  * Use the 'GetPlayerInput' and 'GetInputEvents' functions to retrieve an input_events object for a given player.
  * Low-level notifications of current user input: DetectionBeginEvent, DetectionOngoingEvent, and DetectionEndEvent.
  * High-level notifications of triggered events: ActivationTriggeredEvent and ActivationCanceledEvent.
/—----------<-------\ DetectionBeginEvent -> DetectionOngoingEvent -> ActivationTriggeredEvent -> DetectionEndEvent /\ /\ / ---------------------> ActivationCanceledEvent ----------------------/

|
---|---
Verse `using` statement | `using { /UnrealEngine.com/ControlInput }`
## Members
This class has data members, but no functions.
### Data
Data Member Name | Type | Description
---|---|---
`ActivationTriggeredEvent` | `listenable(payload)` |  This input has met all required conditions and has successfully fired. Most of the time, you should bind to this event. Tuple payload: 0: the player generating this event 1: the value generated by the physical input
`ActivationCanceledEvent` | `listenable(payload)` |  This input has been canceled before activation. For example, if the key is released before a “Press and Hold” time threshold. Tuple payload: 0: the player generating this event 1: the value generated by the physical input 2: elapsed seconds since detection began
`DetectionBeginEvent` | `listenable(payload)` |  Detection has started for this input e.g. a required key is now held down. Note: ActivationTriggeredEvent may also occur this frame, but this event will always be fired first. DetectionBegin and DetectionEnd will always fire, regardless of whether the input is successful or canceled. Tuple payload: 0: the player generating this event 1: the value generated by the physical input
`DetectionOngoingEvent` | `listenable(payload)` |  Detection for this input is still being processed. For example, a time threshold may not be met. Tuple payload: 0: the player generating this event 1: the value generated by the physical input 2: elapsed seconds since detection began
`DetectionEndEvent` | `listenable(payload)` |  Detection has finished e.g. no required keys are now down. Will always fire as a pair with DetectionBegin. Tuple payload: 0: the player generating this event 1: elapsed seconds since detection began
